guys I'm back now let's open this how
are you guys
stop right there officer Google I don't
know how you got in here but oh ha wait
a minute it's you I hardly recognized
you with all the dust and grime from out
there guess that explains how you got
that door open so I need to talk to a
model I got her message amadas message I
don't know what you're talking about but
I keep that under your hat for her sake
she could get in real trouble if people
found out she sent you a message well
sort of troll do you mean let me bring
you up to Steve the night you and your
dad left everything went crazy when your
dad opened up that gate he let loose a
whole lot of crap if you'll pardon my
language that wasn't much would Korbell
language that would be horrified to know
all that if you were still alive I'm I'm
sorry to hear that regardless of how
things turned out down here he was a
good friend matter of fact a lot of
folks started thinking he had the right
idea usually did well the overseer
didn't like that one bit and started
cracking down on that sort of thought so
what now I probably ought to put you
under arrest and take you into the
overseer but frankly I know better than
to try that meanwhile some of your old
friends think opening the vault is a
good idea i bet those rebels would like
a word with you of course if you want
you can just walk away as if you were
never here out of respect for your dad I
won't even tell anyone I saw you
can you leave me some work I guess you
had a lot on your mind since you were
here last where do you want to go I'll
need to see a model lead me in here we
meet up her ok follow me
foreigners
time to kick some ass how's funny will
you shut up that's really going to piss
you off that the bed of the prototype
medic power armor will never shut the
heck up
wait here this doesn't look good
pretty gomez what you're gonna lock me
up like you did the prop stay I why
don't you look where you're going stop
shooting damn it don't you know enough
to stay away he almost shot Freddie I
didn't mean to fire I really didn't I
just wanted to scare him off but he had
a knife I can't be too careful with
those rebels tell me what the rebels I
tell you I'm scared of them I think
that's know when they're going to try
something dangerous
all right guys what happened down here I
lost my poor wife back this is what I
see Agnes Taylor hey awesome fighting
her old ticker just couldn't take it
anymore let's go now yes you do yeah
whenever you see these guys the Thord
yes to do I guess you can see how bad
things are down here could you escort
who just scored me to amada I need to
talk to her about all this as chance
would have it she was one of the first
people to talk about life outside the
vault after he left I hope you can talk
some sense into it or maybe even two of
you can come up with some other plan
just be careful about
there's the overseer right up there
looking at me
a lot of stuff has happened since we
left goes
amadas up there in the clinic with the
rest I take you closer but they don't
get along good luck butch day look who's
come waltzing back into the vault it
takes some real balls coming back here
after everything you and your dad
screwed up but if you've got to be back
might as well make yourself useful he'll
what kind of hope what sort of help do
you think I mean you must have heard
about the changes since you left right
the debts the lies the whole oversee a
lockdown thing man they'd have rushed in
here long ago they didn't know I stole
one of their guns from when they issued
martial law anyway you got to help us
get out of here don't worry I'm trying
to hope the entire Bowl man screw d
entire vault what about me even these
rebels just want the option to go
outside for lousy trading and stuff I
just want to get the hell out of here
for good why stay here and be stuck as a
barber for my entire life when I can go
out there and make my own choices butch
what are you doing of all the damn goat
said I'm supposed to be a hairdresser
but that ain't me I'm a barbecue yeah
you guys now that you said then you'll
give you a haircut what do you want to
do what do you think you're going to do
outside butch I'll start a gang of
course why it'll be the toughest coolest
badasses gang the wasteland ever seen
hey play your cards right maybe I'll
even let you join it huh hey I'm already
in the tunnel snakes they gave me the
jacket and everything yeah but I'm
thinking it'll be a new gang besides
there's going to be a lot more people
who want to join
I'll be going now catch you later
alright guys see you next time